MOON STRIKE
===========

Professor Humphrey Bogus, inventor of the Digital Teabog and leader 
of the Lunar Renovation Project has done the dirty and parked his 
rather unpleasant Tachyon Vortex super-weapon on the nearside of 
the Moon. Your mission, naturally, is to breach the mad Professor's 
defences and destroy the Vortex.*

As you zoom through the futuristic moonscape, watch out for man-eating 
pizzas, serried ranks of false teeth, demented ducks-and the Mona Lisa!

But before all this, sit back and marvel at the unique MovieLoad system 
as it unfolds the story behind Moon Strike before your very eyes.

*All this stuff about saving the world is pure trivia. Your real mission 
is to beat up bogus for all the terrible things he said about your 
Grandmother.


This program is for all cassette-based Spectrum microcomputers. Side A 
is the 48K version featuring MovieLoad, and Side B is the 128K / Plus 2 
version with added sound and fast loading. Stunning though MovieLoad is, 
we didn't think you'd want to see it every time you play the game!

Loading

Side A: Select 48K mode if using 128K or Plus 2 
	LOAD "" and press ENTER 
	Press PLAY on the tape player

Now sit back and marvel at the unique MovieLoad system as it unfolds 
the story behind Moon Strike before your very eyes.

Side B: Select Tape Loader 
	Press ENTER
	Press PLAY on the tape player 


The game

It's the year 2078, and the Earth is still not quite old enough to look 
after itself.

Professor Humphrey Bogus, inventor of the Digital Teabag and leader of 
the Lunar Renovation Project, has done the dirty and parked his rather 
unpleasant Tachyon Vortex super-weapon on the near side of the Moon. 
Like any self-respecting mad scientist, he intends to blow up the world 
with it. Your mission, naturally, is to breach the mad Professor's 
defences and destroy the Vortex.


Controls

Moon Strike is compatible with Kempston, Interface 2, Sinclair, AGF and 
Cursor joysticks and can also be played with the keyboard.

Joystick
Normal left, right, up, down, and fire controls apply.

Keyboard

O to go left 
P to go right 
Q to go up 
A to go down 
SPACE to fire
CAPS SHIFT to pause/unpause
Other keys may have unpredictable effects!

To bomb potential assailants (see below), take aim with the cross-hairs, 
move the joystick down and press FIRE.


Warning

Everything you encounter can be dangerous to you. In particular, you 
should watch out for:

Lachrymose lightbulbs		Monochromatic Mona Lisas
Benificent bombs		Allotheistic aliens
Enigmatic emplacements		Dehiscent ducks
Coumaric coin-slots		Fructiferous factories
Spifflicating 6502 chips	Tropospheric televisions
Curvilinear currency		Popliteal pizzas
... and an awful lot of dentures - in that order.


Playing tips

Disengage frontal lobes and attempttotal synthesis with your Spectrum. 
(In other words, watch out for the forts at the end of each level).



©1987 Mirrorsoft Ltd. The computer program contained in Moon Strike and 
its associated documentation and materials are protected by National and 
International Copyright Law. Storage in a retrieval system, reproduction, 
translation, copying, hiring, lending, broadcasting and public performance 
are prohibited without the express written permission of Mirrorsoft Ltd. 
All rights of author and owner are reserved worldwide.